hey guys is kevin levrone ii from the
laverna report com and this week I'm
going to show you how to maintain the
games you know when you're busy at work
these are the things that you can do
when you don't have time to rush to the
gym or get that workout it you can
actually do it right in your office as
you can see I'm in an office environment
right now and I'm going to show you how
to get a chest workout in in a tricep
workout in and also abs okay so this is
a my tip for today so check this out
right here we all have a basic chair in
our office now make sure the chair is up
against a sturdy wall or something to
stop from slide okay this first exercise
I'm going to do is actually for triceps
right underneath here this is what you
can do to firm up the back of your arms
okay now men or women can actually do
this stretch your legs out like mine is
notice that my hands are actually going
to see it part of the chair and we're
going to lower and come down like this
one rep two reps 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
13 14 15 now what you want to do is do
about four sets of 15 like that and
you'll feel the blood going into the
triceps once you give you a call okay
that's what I do put triceps and that's
what I recommend if you're in your
office just to maintain so let's do some
chest now turn this way put your hands
actually want to see the part of the
champ come down one
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 okay
again I recommend doing four sets of 15
like that okay now this is something
else you can do for chest put your feet
going to see the part come down like
this 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14
and up to 15 now I'm sourced angles
because it's a different feel and it
hits a different part of the chest one
is up the chest one is lower chance okay
now we take this chair set the chair to
the side like that and i'm actually at a
higher anger now put my chest and I do
the same thing again at a different
angle 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14
I will do four sets of that okay now you
probably can tell that I'm starting to
get out of breath that's because the
blood is rushing through those areas and
I'm just pumped up and that's
maintaining okay now what we do after
that lie down like this and hands
underneath here and we just come up like
this to flex and squeeze three four five
six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
that hits the whole apparition okay now
what I want to do let's go like this
come up that focuses on the lower abs
three four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven twelve from here going to biceps
11 22 33 44 six 6 seven 7 eight 8 nine 9
to 12 time ok that was just three
exercises for ads from here this is a
drummer's you go saj the rides over up
like squeeze two three four five six
seven eight nine ten eleven twelve ok do
you switch 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 whoa
ok that's it
that's how you maintain guys you're in
the office busy no matter where you're
at you can always maintain the games so
this is Carolyn Brody coming to you guys
once again from another roto report com
I'm out of here one more time hand out
good luck